Greg/947/cardano node version doc (#1216)
input-output-hk/mithril: docs/website/root/manual/getting-started/bootstrap-cardano-node.md

+-------+-----------+------------------------------------------------------------------+------------+-----------+--------------------------------+----------------------+
| 72    | 1378      | 5c2214b0b3a00cccacc96b65f9741d4e818df0bc092bee30986e4d554396c6fd | 1258142105 |         1 | 2023-05-31T07:48:08.357263836Z | 8.1.2                |
+-------+-----------+------------------------------------------------------------------+------------+-----------+--------------------------------+----------------------+
| 72    | 1377      | 7cea14e5742387ca770a74f3e3cfdd93fc38573e2babbf05df292888a528ab15 | 1256695921 |         1 | 2023-05-31T01:56:38.178640636Z | 8.1.2                |
+-------+-----------+------------------------------------------------------------------+------------+-----------+--------------------------------+----------------------+
| 72    | 1376      | 4cb153b55f6cadf47bc48cc3112c16a037ee49416820190dc9e121d4aa49369f | 1255258102 |         1 | 2023-05-30T20:11:54.620669432Z | 8.1.2                |
+-------+-----------+------------------------------------------------------------------+------------+-----------+--------------------------------+----------------------+

> |       |           |                                                                  |            |           |                                |			|

Reviewer: This has not been added in the client IIRC. This information is only available with the `snapshot show` command.
Maybe you can add this somewhere?

…
```

> :warning: If you restore a node with a different version range than the one advertised, it may cause extra time to restore the node due to ledger computations or even crash the node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:warning: If you restore a Cardano node with a version not included in the advertised range of compatible versions, it may cause extra time to restore the node due to ledger computations, or even crash the node.
```
